Here are the general steps of the implementation: 

Prerequisites: 
    1- Raspberry Pi and a sensor
    2- Eclipse Ditto running on an ubuntu machine
    3- Mosquitto MQTT broker installed 


General steps:
    1) Run Eclipse Ditto locally
    2) Install and run Mosquitto broker 
    3) Set up the Raspbery Pi: install Raspberry OS, configure the raspberry, connecting the sensor, install necesarry libraries for the sensor, write code that reads data from sensor and publish it to an MQTT topic
    4) configure the MQTT Mosquitto on the Raspberry: install MQTT client in raspberry, configure MQTT client in raspberry  
    5) Implementing a trusted authentication scheme based on TinyJAMBU to authenticate the sensor with the digital twin
    6) Setting up the authentication scheme 




IMPLEMENTATION:

After we deepened our knowledge of both IoT and Digital Twins technologies and highlighted the aspects and the importance of security in both the technologies, this part of the thesis will carry out the implementation of an authentication mechanism based on TinyJAMBU algorithm in order to authenticate a real sensor with its Digital Twin. 
In a first step, we will implement a Digital Twin using Eclipse Ditto mirroring a simple IoT environment composed of a DH11 temperature/humidity sensor deployed locally on a Raspberry Pi 3 model 3A+. After the digital twin is implemented we ensure a biderictional communication between the DH11 sensor and its twin using an MQTT Mosquitto broker. After the connection is tested and succesful, we develop an authentication mechanism that uses TinyJAMBU to ensure the authentication of our device. The implementation will also include a complete webb application to run locally that will provide a user-friendly interface that allows to communicate with both the sensor and its digital twin and allows to test our authentication scheme. After we are succesfully able to authenticate using our developed scheme, we will carry out a power and energy consuption test and compare the results with other variations of TinyJAMBU. 

The reminder of the chapter in presented as follow, we first make an introduction where we detail our motivations and our implementation methodology. In this introduction we will argue our choices of technologies, present all implementation prerequisite and make important remarks. Following is the core of the chapter where we present the implementation set up. A dedicated set-up section is required because as the description suggests, the implementation itself is not straitforward and requires a considerable set up that involves many technologies. Here, we detail each step followed to reach each chekpoint goal until the resulting authentication scheme. Finally, we conclude the chapter and the thesis by a result section where we conduct and compare measurments of different flavors of our authentication mechanism. 



====> Introduction and prerequisite: 



The hardware we are using in the implementation is listed below: 
- Ubuntu 20.4 server,
- Raspberry Pi 3 model A+,
- DH11 temperature and humidity sensor,
- 

The technologies we will use are listed below: 

- Eclipse Ditto running on a local Doke





